doc: mention cherry-pick edge-case on release (#44408)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/releases.md

branch), keep both version numbers. Convert the YAML field to an array if it is
not already one.

> Note: [It's possible that the `cherry-pick` step will end up adding and/or

Reviewer: Totally optional, but I would avoid "Note:" unless it's really necessary (which is almost never is).

```suggestion
[It's possible that the `cherry-pick` step will end up adding and/or
```

branch), keep both version numbers. Convert the YAML field to an array if it is
not already one.

> Validate it carefully the `cherry-pick` might happen without conflicts but
> changing the wrong lines. See: https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/771
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: [It's possible that the `cherry-pick` step will end up adding and/or changing
unwanted lines](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/771), please validate the
changes in `doc/` folder files before confirming/continuing the cherry-pick step.
```
